So in the last part, we have created the schedule plus inside the schedule plus all of the components
inside this frame was enclosed.
You can see we have enclosed all the buttons, the text field for the how many, and we have enclosed
the number of text inside the ArrayList and we have set action is not for this AMPM and this continue
button also now as also we have added the time set checking function in a form of our list.
So this time is being stored in the form of ArrayList and according to it it is changing its structure,
whether it is the daytime or the nighttime.
Also, yes, this is all about basically it is converting the integer our type of time and put in the
string type of time input with the help of two string function as everything we have to return in a
string format.
Inside that list, we have created the list as a string type.
So yes, this was all about the schedule class.
Now moving forward in this part, we will be creating this help page.
It will be containing three questions are back to home button and this frame is going to contain text
field.
So we will be adding labels for the fields.
These three questions and a button for this back to home button.
So let us move forward in creating this.
So inside the CRC folder, we are going to create a new file.
And name it as help dot java as this is going to be the health page.
So a public class help is created.
Now, again, extending it does depend on.
We have done it a multiple number of times.
So, yes, inside this health class, we are going to again import the base as object.
So base.
Yes.
And the next thing is the font.
So we have to set up font for the question and answer.
So a Q font both should look different to each other.
So a separate font is masked for the question and answer.
So Q font any font.
And the third thing is going to be the labels.
So here we are having six total labels.
So our label for Q one, Kyoto three and A 1 to 3.
And you can see there are three questions and the answers.
So in total, we will require six panels.
So writing it as.
Q One, two, two, two, three and a1828.
So this is the label.
Now let us create the constructor.
Public health base be.
And inside the constructor we will be firstly let us all the base here as everything is consisted inside
the base panel, we are having base panel for all of them.
So whenever we hit this help page, then that card layout should appear from the base class we have
created.
So we have two set to one.
Q 2 to 3.
First, the three questions should be set inside this help Java class.
So let us first create a new level.
And inside this, we have to set the first question.
So what was the first question?
How does that liner is going to help?
So how it can improve my robot productivity.
This could be the first question.
So improve my productivity.
And similarly, we will be adding two or more questions and three answers to those.
So in total, there is going to be basically six lines for the questions and answers.
So here we have added all the three questions and answers to that question.
Q1, Q2, Q3 containing the three questions and need to a three containing all the three answers.
And in order to enclose a line break kind of test, we have to use this HTML text inside Java as we
are creating a Java UI application and it does not support the line breaks.
So if we want line breaks inside it, then we have to enclose the text.
The whole text inside this HTML tab are opening and closing tab as the vertex are supported by the HTML
text.
So yes, this is a fact.
I want you all to know that whenever we want to include a multi line text, then you must use this as
written.
And inside the HTML tag enclose the text now setting the font for the question and answer.
So here you can see the question.
Font is slightly thicker than the answer font here also you can see this is slightly thicker than the
answer or the font is same for both of them, which is verdana and adding font to all six of them.
So setting font Q font for three and the answer four and then adding all six of them to the panel.
So here you can see that we have added all three of them inside the frame with the help of this add
keyword.
Now, after all the questions and answers here, you can see that there is a back to home button.
So we have to add this back to home button also.
So using this button component of the string library, a new button we created and the text appearing
on the button is back to home.
Or we can also call it as back to home page.
So yes, back to homepage is going to be that text appearing on the button and then adding this button
to the frame with the help of add keyword.
So yes, we have added everything inside the help page now attaching an action listener to the button,
definitely what actually the button is doing.
So the button will be navigating us to the home page.
This action performance is basically moving us to the card which is showing this home content.
So yes, once hitting the back to home button, it will be navigated back to this page only.
Okay.
So this was all about the Help Java file.
We have added this help page to the frame with the help of this help.
Plus the questions and answers are attached inside this file.
Now, the next part we are going to create is this ender dot Java file, which is displaying a text.
That's how much time we have saved and wasted in order to complete our task and button, which is containing
a text, go back to home.
So this end page is looking simple, but this will be containing like multiple things.
Suppose we have to contain that, calculate the time which is saved and wasted in order to complete
our task.
So if it is wasted, so it should calculate itself that yes, the button down button is hit after the
time frame, then it should show wasted.
And if it is, the done button is hit before the time frames.
If it is set, then it should show that you have saved this time.
So let us move forward creating this end class.
So first look at the end dot Java file inside this RC folder and here we are inside this end class.
So this public class and again extending it to J panel and we will add action listener definitely as
there is a back button which will navigate us back to the home page.
So action listener So inside this end class we are going to like call some of the objects.
So there is a message appearing.
On the end page.
Let us name it randomly.
A message, a j button containing the text back to home page.
So calling the button has be a base.
Definitely.
We have called this base in every class a string.
So string is going to contain the message.
The message is going to be contained in a string format.
So we have to parse all the integers also in the form of a string.
Initially, we are having our send minutes in the form of integers so only us and miniature are showing
on the end page, not the seconds.
So only two integers we are importing here and now moving forward to the end constructor instead it
passing base.
And we are having based as we so already we are having a button as we so we are using the base as be
a so head again writing it as we only know now the bases completed like and the next thing is to set
the layout for the end page.
So set layout and the set layout is going to set the layout as a border layout.
There is no greater flow layout need for this end pane.
So simply we will be using border layout for the end page.
Now the layout is set.
This area should be in camel case, so the border layout is set.
Now the next thing is to set the values inside the string format.
Like how many times is saved or wasted in order to complete our tasks?
So public void set values.
So the value should be set in a calculated manner, which should actually show how many time is saved
or wasted.
So string is set in hours and.
In minutes.
So I yes, inside this set of values, we are going to set the string as a set.
We are like assigning random names to the variables, the hours and the minutes and the seconds.
So minutes as.
Matt.
And yes, all of them are done on message.
Of course.
So the message was so a new message, why we have already declared this message viable and inside this
we will be passing as H&M.
So under the button after this.
So this button is containing a new button and the text on the button is go back to home.
So it should be enclosed inside a double inverted comma.
Go back to home.
So, yes, this is all about the declarations.
Now, let us add these buttons and the message to the frame.
So here it is.
We have added the actual listener to the button.
Go back to home.
This is the action performed function, which is consisting the function.
So the base should show the home page on hitting the go back button.
So once we hit the go back button, the base, the card layout will navigate us back to this home page.
So yes, this is all about this action performed function and this V dot action is now we have added
the button and the message to the frame, the message messages added at the center of the page and the
button is added to the south of the page.
Similarly, we have done this for the home page.
We have added the like content in the center, the text fields and the buttons in the south.
And in the similar way we have added this in the end page also.
Now coming to the message class, what the message is actually going to display.
So inside this message class, we have extended it as g panel.
That is a separate panel for this message to be shown.
There is a string.
The whole message is going to be contained in the string, a string format.
There are hours and minutes as integers.
And you can see we can see this.
You have I can zoom this image in order to make it visible.
So here you can see that you have saved one hour and 25 minutes is appearing on that page.
So, yes, this paint component is enabling us to show or show that specific string on the end page.
What we talked about, this paint component has.
So this paint component is invoking graphics, which is initially not visible on the page.
It is painting something on the frame.
Basically, the graphics we can call them.
And with the help of drawstring, we have used already the draw image component of the graphics library.
Now we are using drawstring.
So we are having everything in the integer format, but we have to pass all of them in the form of a
string.
So for that only we are using this paint component and it will paint it in the form of a complete string.
So yes, this text is showing us you have message, which is the message we are creating here.
This is the message and this message will be containing You have saved our wasted.
So this is changing according to the user.
Whenever they hit the button, it could be saved or it could be wasted.
So yes, the message is containing saved or wasted a string which will contain the hours and minutes
and the weight and the height is adjusted to half of the page.
So basically the string is appearing in the middle of the page.
So this was all about the end function, or we can call it the end class.
Then your java file is done.
Now in the next part we will be creating this mean class, the timeline class, and see how it works.
So save in the next part.